---
title: Privacy Statement
permalink: /privacy/
variant: markdown
---
This website is owned and operated by the Office for Space, Technology & Industry, Singapore (hereinafter "OSTIn"). OSTIn has the sole discretion to change any Term at any time. PLEASE THEREFORE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY EACH TIME BEFORE YOU USE THIS WEBSITE. OSTIn reserves all rights in respect of this website.

By accessing or using this website, you unconditionally accept these Terms. If you do not agree to be bound by any Term, please do not access or use this website.

### **Restrictions on Use of Materials**

No material including without limitation, the website design and layout, graphics, images and hyperlinks from this website may be imitated, modified, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, without the prior written permission of OSTIn, except that you may download one copy of the material on a single computer for your own personal domestic use only, provided you keep intact all accompanying copyright and other proprietary notices.

You must not do any act that will or may interfere with this website's accessibility and/or proper functioning, or that will or may place an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on OSTIn's servers.

Unauthorised modification and/or interference, misuse, abuse or unauthorized use of this website and any of its materials may violate OSTIn's and/or third party owners' intellectual property rights, and may also be an offence under the Computer Misuse Act (Cap. 50A, Singapore Statutes).

If you download any software from the website, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by OSTIn in accordance with these terms. OSTIn does not transfer title to the Software to you. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but OSTIn retains full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not sub-license, redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble or otherwise deal with the Software. Keep intact all accompanying copyright and other proprietary notices.

### **Registration Data**

In consideration of your use of the website, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form (such information being the "Registration Data"). If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or OSTIn has grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, OSTIn may suspend or terminate your access to the website and refuse you any and all current or future use of the website (or any part thereof).

Your Registration Data is subject to our Privacy Statement.

### **Content**

All information, data, text, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials, or links thereto ("Content") posted on the website, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not OSTIn, are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the website.

While OSTIn reserves the right to moderate the Content posted via the website, OSTIn does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the website, you may, despite OSTIn’s best efforts, be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will OSTIn be liable in any way for any Content, including any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the website.

You agree to not use the website to:

a. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, religiously, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; 

b. impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise represent your affiliation with a person or entity;

c. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);

d. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;

e. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;

f. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;

g. interfere with or disrupt the website or servers or networks connected to the website, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the website;

h. "stalk" or otherwise harass another; or

i. collect or store personal data about other users.

You acknowledge that OSTIn has the right in its sole discretion to refuse or remove any Content that is available via the website. For example, OSTIn shall have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable.

You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by OSTIn or submitted to OSTIn through the website.

OSTIn may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:

(a) comply with legal process;

(b) enforce the Terms;

(c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; or

(d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of OSTIn, its users and the public.

### **Indemnity**

You agree to indemnify and hold OSTIn and its officers, agents, contractors, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including all legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the website, your use of the website, your connection to the website, your breach of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another.

### **General Practices Regarding Use and Storage**

OSTIn may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the website, including the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the website, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the website, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the website, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on OSTIn's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the website in a given period of time.

OSTIn has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications, or other Content maintained or transmitted by the website. You further acknowledge that OSTIn may change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion without notice.

### **Modifications**

OSTIn may at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the website (or any part thereof) without notice. OSTIn shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the website.

### **Termination**

OSTIn may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your access to the website.

Cause for such termination includes (a) your breach of these Terms or other incorporated agreements, rules or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (d) discontinuance or material modification to the website (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected technical issues or problems, and (f) extended periods of inactivity.

Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in OSTIn's sole discretion and that OSTIn shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the website.
 
### **Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability**

This website has been compiled in good faith by OSTIn.

IMPORTANT: THIS WEBSITE AND ITS MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE AND SUBJECT AND PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, OSTIn DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES AS TO FUNCTIONALITY, OPERABILITY, ACCESSIBILITY, ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, UPDATEDNESS, TIMELINESS, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. OSTIn DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS MATERIALS AND FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THIS WEBSITE AND THIS SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF ANY COMPUTER VIRUS AND/OR OTHER HARMFUL OR CORRUPTING CODE, PROGRAMME, MACRO AND SUCH LIKE ELEMENTS.
 
### **Limitation of Liability**

Subject to applicable law, under no circumstances, including, but not limited to negligence, shall OSTIn be liable for any direct or indirect damages howsoever caused to any person that result from any person’s use, misuse, abuse, access of, or inability to access or use the website and/or its materials.
 
### **Changes & Access**

Any change may be made to the website and any of its materials from time to time at OSTIn's sole discretion.

OSTIn reserves the right to deny access to this website without prior notice to any particular person or access from any particular internet address to this website, at any time, without having to provide its reasons.
 
### **Content, Suggestions, Comments and Feedback**

Any communications you send to this website or otherwise to OSTIn by electronic mail are subject to our Privacy Statement on a non-confidential basis, and OSTIn is under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing or otherwise using them in any way for any purpose. OSTIn shall be free to use the content of any such communications, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques or know-how disclosed herein, for any purpose, including the developing, manufacturing and/or marketing of goods or services. Further, OSTIn shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including but not limited to developing and marketing services incorporating such information.
 
### **Hyperlinks**

This website contains links to other websites which are not maintained by OSTIn. Similarly, other websites may contain links to this website. OSTIn is not responsible for the contents of those websites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from the contents of those websites. Any links to other websites are provided as a convenience to you as a user of this website and does not imply OSTIn's endorsement of the linked websites or association with their operators. OSTIn disclaims all responsibility and liability for the use of linked websites, which are accessed and used at user's own risk.

Any third party that wishes to establish links to this website should notify OSTIn of their intention prior to doing so. OSTIn reserves the right to deny permission for any such links to this website without providing any reason. If however, OSTIn gives its permission for any such links, OSTIn is not under any obligation to establish reciprocal links with the third party. 

### **Governing Law**

The access and use of this website and its materials, and the Terms shall be governed by the domestic laws of the Republic of Singapore.
